Add release notes for 1.5.3 (#3274)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/release_notes.md

# Release notes

## [v1.5.3](https://github.com/VirtusLab/scala-cli/releases/tag/v1.5.3)

This is a hotfix release, which makes all the fixes and enhancements of Scala CLI 1.5.2 available through the standard distribution channels (rather than just Maven Central).
For the main release notes, please refer to the [v1.5.2 ones](https://github.com/VirtusLab/scala-cli/releases/tag/v1.5.2).

### Hot-fixes 
- Tag failing native packager tests as flaky by [@Gedochao](https://github.com/Gedochao) in [#3270](https://github.com/VirtusLab/scala-cli/pull/3270)
- Make publishing depend on all integration tests & docs tests by [@Gedochao](https://github.com/Gedochao) in [#3272](https://github.com/VirtusLab/scala-cli/pull/3272)

**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/VirtusLab/scala-cli/compare/v1.5.2...v1.5.3

## [v1.5.2](https://github.com/VirtusLab/scala-cli/releases/tag/v1.5.2)

### Scala CLI 1.5.2 will only be available on JVM

> Due to technical difficulties with our release pipeline, Scala CLI 1.5.2 was only released as a JVM launcher on Maven Central. While it can be used as such, we will follow it up with a hotfix 1.5.3 release, which should be available through all standard distribution channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to technical difficulties with our release pipeline, Scala CLI 1.5.2 was only released as a JVM launcher on Maven Central. While it can be used as such, we followed it up with a hotfix 1.5.3 release, which should be available through all standard distribution channels.
```
